Let's pull the stream processing application together.
In this sample, we're going to filter out any purchases with an amount less than a
$100,000 and anything that's actually using US dollars.
So we're only going to look at international currencies with large value purchases.
So if we scroll down, we have our familiar function at this point,
we have our app agent,
we have a purchase function which takes the purchases stream.
So this is a stream as is this,
and then we iterate over every purchase in that stream.
Now we want to apply a filter to
every purchase in the purchase of stream before we iterate on it in this function.
To do that, we're going to use a filter function.
Now a filter function takes a function which accepts one argument.
We're going to use a lambda to accomplish this goal.
The lambda, it needs to return true or false whether we should filter this object.
So here we want to say that x,
where x is of type purchase,
we want to first make sure that the currency type does not equal US
dollar and that the amount is greater than a 100,000.
Now that we've done that, we can actually for the purchase
along to our high_value_international_topic.
Now remember that when we use the send function that we need to await it,
and we're going to send set the key equal to the purchase.
username and the value equal to the purchase.
Now this kind of functionality is extremely common in most workplace settings.
Essentially, the general idea here would be you might have
a marketing or business team which is only
interested in his high value international purchases.
So instead of just assigning them a stream with
all the data that can be contained inside of it,
we're going to give them a very specific stream of data.
So really, all the streaming function is doing is
repackaging the input stream into a single output stream.
Now that being said, let's go ahead and actually run the function.
So python sample4.py worker.
As this starts up, we're going to go jump over to another terminal
here and actually run our console consumer in just a moment.
All right. So we're running.
One quick mistake here,
I forgot to quote my string value.
Let's go ahead and save that, update that.
So now that we've created our filter and we defined our topic to send and waited it,
let's actually go ahead and run our function.
Python sample4.py worker.
Go ahead and wait for that worker to start up.
Now that it started and producing data,
let's jump to a terminal and actually start consuming the data.
Grab our topic name,
and we'll actually begin consuming data from this topic.
So it's moving pretty fast.
Let's go ahead and stop. You'll notice all the purchases are
more than a 100,000 and all the currencies are foreign.
None of them are US dollars,
instead, they're foreign currencies to the US.
This is how you would go ahead and apply a filter function to an incoming stream.